The question is, is it a good
practice to create a module for
a newly created component?
And I'll touch on this more when we get
into component driven architecture,
but it depends, and so
I definitely will not,
I will create a module to group
a set of related components.
So for instance, I might have a parent or
a container component and
then I might have some sub
components that are related to that,
where I'm dividing out some functionality.
Well, I'm not going to create a module for
every one of those components, but
I will create a module to encapsulate
a group of related components.
And typically how I think of that
is how are we dividing up features?
And so, generally, I think a routing
table, if you click and you go to this
new route, that's a pretty good indication
that you probably have changed context.
And I may create at least
a top level component for
that route, but possibly a module.
And if I'm doing lazy loading definitely.
So my answer is,
I would not create a module for
every component for
the sake of having a module.
But I would create a module for
a group of components where it makes
sense from an organizational standpoint.
So typically that would be maybe
a top level container component,
maybe, but if I'm lazy loading that
top level component, definitely.
So hopefully that answered that question.
>> The next question,
there's kind of two related questions.
>> Sure.
>> One doesn't really understand,
yes six module.
And then the other question is kind
of NgModules versus ES6 modules.
Why did Angular create
their own module system?
>> Right.
So that is a really good question.
The question is, you have,
why do you have ES6 modules and
engine module?
In other words, why do we have
a language level module system, and
really an Angular module system.
And so, let me show you in the code,
why we need really just
the ES6 module system.
So you'll notice here that,
let me pull up a just another one.
So this is our routing module and we
haven't really done anything with this but
notice export class AppRoutingModule.
Outside of this right here, if I delete
this, there is nothing Angular about this.
And so that's the other thing that Angular
has done in really made a shift is there
leveraging native language features where
they can which I think is really good.
That you're reducing the footprint
of the framework instead of having
to create all these, the shims in these
layers to do that, so this right here,
this is nothing more than that ES6 or
TypeScript, which is a superset of ES6.
And so how do I make this app routing
module available to
the rest of my source code?
Well, prior to ES6 module system,
you just had all these imports
in your inner study XML, or
you had to have some crazy build system.
Well, with module systems,
it's easy for me to say, okay,
I have this routing module.
And I want to make this
available to my AppModule.
And so when this compiles,
I need to do it in such a way that
App Module knows about RoutingModule,
just the source code itself.
And so you can see here
that I exported the module.
And then up at the top,
I'm able to import that.
And now it's available for
consumption within this module.
Or really this class and so,
this is how to source code
level at a language level
you're able to essentially pass
source code around that it
satisfied those dependencies.
It's really import-export.
The reason why we have the Angular
module system on top of that,
is because when we do
things like lazy loading.
We need to be able to communicate,
to Angular
that certain things exist, even though
you may not be using it right then.
And so, in terms of optimizing your build
and providing additional information
to Angular to say this is
precisely what you need to run, or
here's some additional things that
you need when you wire this up.
And so ES6 modules are strictly to just
indicate to Webpack that this is
how this is gonna be put together.
NgModules or angular modules are there
to say this is how we're going to put
the Angular application together in a way
that is performant, and that makes sense.
So especially when you're
doing lazy loaded modules,
being able to declare that, hey,
you don't know anything about this yet.
But this is how you find this module and
this is this is where this exists.
And so that's why that is it.
There was a point in time,
when this did not exist NgModule.
And they ran into some performance issues,
they wanted to do lazy loading
in a couple different things.
And another thing is actually tree
shaking, optimizing the build that
Angular is able to look and say,
this is everything that I need.
I don't need everything else.
And it can create this optimized AOT
build, which I can talk about later.
When they reannounced NgModule,
just a funny story.
I just recorded a front
end masters workshop.
And for months later, they're like,
we're reinducing NgMoodle and I just
laid on the ground and I cried because it
really invalidated that whole workshop.
So I had to basically come back and
redo it.
So I would say the first four versions
of Angular were, like angular two and
three and four was a bit tomaculous now
that we're at nine, it's a lot better.
So that's why there are two kind
of module systems in parallel